General operation:
    Three sensor systems, each with three (maybe more) modes of operation. Each mode of operation has a specific power draw and throughput (consider a power-throughput unit for comparison). 
    Chosen sensors should be reasonable and expected for an energy harvesting system, e.g. nothing wild or useless.
    Algorithm should adjust appropriate throughput for the given input energy harvester power, and any other internal factors
        Internal factors we should consider are priority (which sensor should be on if only one can be?), or sensor relationships (Unreasonable to keep sensor 2 low throughput if sensor 3 has moderate throughput, as an example).

Sensor system power:
    Add individual buck converter for each device for lowest-point of operation.

Digital logic:
    General I2C control logic, like I2C GPIO extender with load switches (AND PULL DOWNS!). 
    Remember robust solution for switching off I2C lines.
        This can be analog switches, where the devices are disconnected from power or I2C lines, or both.
    Modes for nRF SoC based off measured input power:
        High: Check input power frequently
        Moderate: check input power often
        Low: Check input power rarely
        Very low: Disable all sensors, check input power VERY rarely

Sensor system 1 - Analog sensor with adjustable *measured* throughput
    Analog temperature sensor with required circuitry and ADC
    ADC must be adjustable for throughput
    Modes: (not including OFF)
        High - 16(?)bit resolution, and 10Hz(?) rate
        Moderate - 12(?)bit resolution, and 1Hz(?) rate
        low - 8(?)bit resolution, and 0.1Hz(?) rate

Sensor system 2 - Analog/digital sensor with *internally* adjusted throughput
    MEMS sensor(?)
        -Gyro
        -Accelerometer
        -Pressure
    Internally adjustable throughput
    Modes: (Not including OFF)
        High - High throughput setting
        Moderate - Moderate throughput setting
        Low - Low throughput setting

Sensor system 3 - Three sensors measuring same property, but at different throughputs. 
    MEMS sensor(?)
        -Gyro
        -Accelerometer
        -Pressure
    Modes: (Not including None)
        High - High accuracy and rate sensor
        Moderate - Moderate accuracy and rate sensor
        Low - Low accuracy and rate sensor

Algorithm:
    Runs on nRF SoC?
    Based off the input power, the Algorithm should:
        - choose which sensors to use to minimize power and maximize throughput
        - regulate the frequency at which the input power is measured (consider the nRF a sensor?)
        - Make mode decision.

General work before answer or before next meeting:
    Research power-saving, decision-making algorithms
    Research Temperature sensors, temperature sensor circuits, & configurable I2C ADC
    Research variable MEMS circuits
    Research efficient low-power buck converters, making sure their efficiency provides a benefit
    Research better(?) current measuring methods that can be used during testing
        Make sure it doesnt have a massive impact on the circuit in area and power

Questions:
    Is checkpoint monitor system required?
    Do you want this to run autonomously on the sensor module, e.g. no nRF input/control?
    For per gunnar: We didnt start any wirk before the 22nd, can we adjust so that the 20 weeks start then?
    Do you agree with our "sensor priority" idea, where one sensor should be considered even if its not the most efficient?
    Do you agree with our current plan for the project? Is this a project you can see fulfil your scope?